feat(NIST 800-53): add Elasticache rule to pack (#113)
cdklabs/cdk-nag: RULES.md

| [NIST.800.53-EFSEncrypted](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/efs-encrypted-check.html)                                           | The EFS does not have encryption at rest enabled - (Control IDs: SC-13, SC-28)                                                                                                            | Because sensitive data can exist and to help protect data at rest, ensure encryption is enabled for your Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | [NIST.800.53-ElasticacheRedisClusterAutomaticBackup](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/elasticache-redis-cluster-automatic-backup-check.html)                         | Elasticache Redis clusters have not been automatically backed up - (Control ID: CP-9(b), CP-10, S1-12)                                                                                                                               | Automatic backups can help guard against data loss.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [NIST.800.53-ElasticacheRedisClusterAutomaticBackup](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/elasticache-redis-cluster-automatic-backup-check.html)                         | The ElastiCache Redis cluster does not retain automatic backups for at least 15 days (Control IDs: CP-9(b), CP-10, SI-12)                                                                                                                             | Automatic backups can help guard against data loss. If a failure occurs, you can create a new cluster, which restores your data from the most recent backup.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```
